DOCS-3292 Adds iOS Mobile Vitals Documentation (#804)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_mobile_vitals.md

## Overview

> Real User Monitoring offers Mobile Vitals, a set of metrics inspired by [Android Vitals][1], that can help compute insights about your mobile application's responsiveness, stability, and resource consumption. 

Reviewer: [Android Vitals] -> MetricKit https://developer.apple.com/documentation/metrickit

|--------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Slow renders                   | To ensure a smooth, [jank-free][3] user experience, your application should render frames in under 60 Hz. <br /><br />  RUM tracks the application’s [display refresh rate][4] using `@view.refresh_rate_average` and `@view.refresh_rate_min` view attributes. <br /><br />  With slow rendering, you can monitor which views are taking longer than 16 ms or 60 Hz to render. <br /> **Note:** Refresh rates are normalized on a range of zero to 60 fps. For example, if your application runs at 100 fps on a device capable of rendering 120 fps, Datadog reports 50 fps in Mobile Vitals. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Slow renders                   | To ensure a smooth, [jank-free][3] user experience, your application should render frames in under 60Hz. <br /><br />  RUM tracks the application’s [display refresh rate][4] using `@view.refresh_rate_average` and `@view.refresh_rate_min` view attributes. <br /><br />  With slow rendering, you can monitor which views are taking longer than 16ms or 60Hz to render. <br /> **Note:** Refresh rates are normalized on a range of zero to 60fps. For example, if your application runs at 100fps on a device capable of rendering 120fps, Datadog reports 50fps in Mobile Vitals. |
```

| Frozen frames                  | Frames that take longer than 700ms to render appear as stuck and unresponsive in your application. These are classified as [frozen frames][5]. <br /><br />  RUM tracks `long task` events with the duration for any task taking longer then 100ms to complete. <br /><br />  With frozen frames, you can monitor which views appear frozen (taking longer than 700ms to render) to your end users and eliminate jank in your application.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | Application not responding     | When the UI thread of an application is blocked for more than 5 seconds, an `Application Not Responding` ([ANR][6]) error triggers. If the application is in the foreground, the system displays a dialog modal to the user, allowing them to force quit the application. <br /><br />   RUM tracks ANR occurrences and captures the entire stack trace that blocks the main thread when it encounters an ANR.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: There is no ANR concept on iOS - IMO we should skip this part from iOS doc.
```suggestion
```
